Straddling the river Coruh, the twin cities of Alt and Dorf merged over time to become the sprawling city we know today. The old city Alt is where the majority of the power lies; many of the noble houses, guildhalls and commercial buildings lie there. The poorer, rickety post-slum of Dorf is a dangerous place even for hardened travellers, where murder is an acceptable reason for anything from genocide to a disagreement over a flagon of ale. Rumour has it that there are areas of The Shadows (one of the most notorious slums) where even members of the assassins guild will not go except in force.

Seats of Power

The city has changed hands plenty of times over the years, but is currently held together the the Weimar Empire, headed by Emperor Trystan Weimar. A recent appointee to his court, Katarina Holic has been appointed his Grand Vizier, bringing with her the might and power of her (until now) minor house. 

Other houses
Harkonnen - a once feared and brutal house, they have fallen from prominence in recent times due to an overzealousness for open warfare with those who opposed them. As Volothamp Geddam once said: “An eye for an eye, when taken by a man with no eyes… will really leave you in a pickle”. Now House Harkonnen engage in more subtle tactics, preferring to employ mercenaries or urchins from Dorf to further their nefarious ends. Current head of house: Eddard Harkonnen

Ordos - a more progressive house, Ordos believe in citizenship for all races and a form of universal wages even for the degenerate denziens of the city of Dorf. Largely due to their influence, Altdorf has become a melting pot of different races and cultures, religions and traditions - at least until recently. 
Current head of house: Marcella Ordos

Atreides - the richest house by far, they were forced to swear allegiance to Weimar after a number of its nobles were assassinated at a wedding in Kislev. Long known for being an area with a high magic concentration, unknown assassins manipulated the winds of magic to trigger a devastating explosion which ruined a sizeable portion of the city, wiping out the majority of the Atreides high command at the same time. Weimar troops were imminently poised to strike at the Atredies headquarters and other strategic points around the Sword Coast, forcing the new head of the house to surrender or face oblivion. 
Current head of house: Tyrion Atreides

Religions

Traditionally, the majority of religions practiced on the Sword Coast were visible in AltDorf. More recently however, these have been usurped by the ever-darkening influence of Takhisis, championed by Katarina Holic and her household. As we know, we are but the playthings of the Gods, but surely they cannot allow Takhisis to be winning?

Guilds

The guild system arose almost independently of law enforcement in Altdorf. Members wishing to pursue a profession are encouraged to join guilds at an early age, and guilds will even send scouts to other cities or even into the slums of Dorf in order to seek out prospective wards. Members pay tithes to their guilds and are fiercely loyal, but particularly in the case of the more violent guilds, ongoing wars and scuffles between them are not uncommon.

Notable guilds:

Merchants Guild
Assassins Guild
Thieves Guild
Blacksmiths Guild
Guild of Cunning Artificers

Minor guilds:

Lamplighters Guild
Leatherworkers Guild
Sockdarners Guild
Guild of Dunnikin Divers

Law enforcement

The Altdorf City Watch is a semi-military organisation, well-drilled and competent. Gone are the days when the watch would recruit only those who wanted three square meals a day and not to get into any trouble - this Watch are nothing short of keen to uphold the law and put themselves in harm’s way for the common citizen. This proud attitude has seen their membership swell greatly in recent years, with a career in the Watch being seen as prestigious, particularly for those of humble beginnings. Criminals should expect no leniency from the Altdorf City Watch!

You might wonder how guilds such as the assassins and thieves guilds align themselves with the presence of the city watch. The answer is simple: coin. That is not to say the watch can be bought, oh no. But members of each guild are heavily scrutinised to see that they do not overfill their quotas, and more wealthy townspeople can pay a yearly subscription fee to ensure they avoid the attentions of the guild for that time. 

Members of the watch are not exempt from the attentions of the guilds, but many members will refuse to take a contract that targets a Watch member, as it tends to make life very uncomfortable for them.

The Colleges of Magic

All colleges of magic are well represented in Altdorf, residing in the towering Altdorf Metropolitan University Campus that dominates one quarter of town. Apprentices from all over the realm visit here to study and improve their magical abilities. 

The Shadows

Not much is known of this dingy and overrun place save for the presence of multiple gangs, slumlords and even warlords. The entire slums are a cesspool of violence and debauchery, and best avoided at all costs. 