The story so far: 

EPISODE 1:
Four adventurers met on their way to Beregost
Enticed by riches offered by Baron Feltast to rid area of undead plague
Arrived at Beregost, fought off undead attack

Saw a man and a large, hulking humanoid creature silhouetted against the skyline
They disappeared into some sort of portal
Toraggon checked the area, found that their tracks disappeared into thin air
Also smelled a faint sweet, sickly smell where the two had stood

Aleksandr Trevia (guard captain) thought he recognised the man as Manfred von Carstein, 
who used to be Baron Feltast's high wizard and right hand man - rumour is he went insane
and hasn't been seen for several months

Patricia set up a triage at East Watch for the beleagured guardsmen - made a friend of Trevia
who suggested that Baron Feltast had a display cabinet of ancient weapons somewhere in his
mansion

Explored town, Toraggon learned from the barman (who's name you didn't even ask) that
von Carstein went insane over a period of months, repeatedly referred to 'his experiment' 
and became buried in his studies

Jonathan Cena visited the library and checked the small council meeting minutes, corroborated
that von Carstein even referred to his experiment in those meetings. Also confirmed Trevia and
Feltast's poor relationship, the guard captain preferring a direct approach to protection

TODO: speak to Nathan re: grappling
      amend Nathan's alignment to Neutral Good
      check with Jon that he is happy being Lawful Good
      remind Jenkins to pick a feat
      explain re: no interaction between characters when split
	  
	  
EPISODE 2:

Four adventurers met on the way to Beregost after a call sent out by Baron Feltast
Fought their way through an undead attack and met the guard captain Aleksandr Trevia

Once in town Toraggon entered an archery tournament, was accused of cheating and kicked a nobleman
in the crotch before drawing his bow and scattering the crowd, losing 20gp in the process. He then 
chased a child down an alleyway but was distracted by the meowing of a cat, and was drawn into an 
ambush by three kenku bird-people, killing one of them but ultimately fleeing

Jonathan Cena researched ancient texts in the library and was drawn into an introspective state
where he was visited by a vision of Manfred von Carstein, who set him three riddles
After passing the tests he felt guided to a hollowed out book which contained a dwarven key, and 
a rough sketch of a humanoid construct that seemed to be part of von Carstein's experiments

Patricia Maddick performed emergency surgery on a soldier who had been sent out on patrol by Baron
Feltast directly, overriding the orders of Captain Trevia, who was livid upon learning this and stormed
out. The solider said he had been sent east to Castle Drakenhof, which you later learned was the
ancestral home of von Carstein but has long since fallen into ruin, but his patrol was attacked by 
goblins and hobgoblins. He warned you that he had been caught in a magic trap

Jan Vouge cased the manor house looking for weak points, but then linked up with Toraggon and they 
entered the property to speak with Baron Feltast. Before long they were joined by the others. 

Speaking with Feltast he confirmed that von Carstein's ancestral home was Castle Drakenhof, to the east,
which Patricia remembered was the direction the majority of the undead attacks have been coming from. 
Feltast invited you to see von Carstein's chambers, in which Toraggon found three books of interest. 

At the end of the upstairs corridor was a large, copper door covered by a guard. 

The main book detailed von Carstein's notes on how to create a large humanoid construct, a flesh golem.
This golem is stitched together from parts of humans, trolls, ogres and other large creatures, and is 
completely beholden to its creator - it must be in sight of the creator at all times or it ceases to 
function. The other two books were animation and protection rituals for the golem itself, and recipes 
for the embalming fluid for the various parts of the construct.


Bracers of defence (+2 to AC when wearing light armour)
Shield +1 (+2 for shield, +1 for enhancement)
Ring of protection (+1 to AC)
Amulet of magic missile (3 charges)

Bracers/ring - Jan Vouge
Shield - Jonathan Cena
Amulet - Toraggon

EPISODE 3:

Met in a pub in Nashkel, travelled to Beregost in response to offer by Baron Feltast to rid town of undead plague
Fought off undead attack upon arrival at Beregost, saw two figures silhouetted on the hill, small robed man and large, 15ft humanoid beast
Captain Trevia of city watch recognised man as Manfred von Carstein, was mage to Baron Feltast but went insane, not been seen for some time

Research revealed that von Carstein had become obsessed with finding something and his "experiments" - found detailed plans in his belongings
for creating a flesh golem, a large reanimated construct of humanoid body parts. Notes state that creature must be in sight of its creator at all times 

After leaving town rested overnight, set off next morning for Castle Drakenhof, met bears
Had a lovely lunch with bears, made good friends
Somehow managed to get lost despite having a map and travelling with a ranger (2x bad rolls)
Headed down wrong path, failed to realise until nightfall (Drakenhof a day away)
Came across farmstead occupied by goblins/hobgoblins
Jan Vouge snuck down the hill to scout the area
Saw human and large creature torturing a guardsman for information, asking him "where is it?", annoyed he couldn't/wouldn't answer
Returned to group, bears refused to follow, group charged down hill and engaged the goblinoids
Hobgoblins sent a runner back to their group, and returned with a hobgoblin war host, at least 50 strong
After searching the farmhouse and finding a scroll of fireball hidden in a drawer forced to retreat but surrounded
Bears came to the rescue and tore into the goblins/hobgoblins to buy you some time
NAMES? all dead, Yogi, Booboo, Pudsy, He Who Shan't Be Named
Eventually all killed as you escaped up the hill, goblins set fire to farmstead
Story resumes with you all on a hill, looking down over the burning farmstead

Georgia - drawn to Castle Drakenhof as a source of arcane power
Can advise party that castle seems to be held together by magical energy - seems far too crumbling to be supporting itself
Seems unlikely from her learnings that one mage alone would be capable of this
Has discovered way into castle through delapidated crypt in graveyard at the back of castle, several undead roaming the area


STUFF TO COVER:

Check equipment and supplies - Sully lost his rope
Spellcasting - can cast prepared spells multiple times in one day
Nat 1s, 20s on skill checks are NOT criticals
Inspriation now expires at the end of a session so use it or lose it

EPISODE 4:

Party made it to Castle Drakenhof, met a travelling mage called Elsebeth who is looking for the person/people who killed her
mentor - drawn to Drakenhof as a source of acrane power. After an uneasy first meeting the party agreed to let her join and
assist in their exploration of Drakenhof. 

Thoroughly explored castle grounds, found that whilst the outer wall was crumbling the interior keep was held together by
some sort of strong magic. Tried the main door, found it resolutely locked - no other entrances that you could find. 

Explored graveyard, found three crypts - in the base of one someone had broken through into the Drakenhof dungeons.

Decribe dungeons again - made of heavy stone flags, ceilings and walls partially covered with thick spider webs. Air is musty
and whilst there are torches placed at regular intervals within the corridors and rooms, there is sufficient gloom for creatures
to hide. The darkness feels oppressive, and you can't shake a feeling that something is watching you. 

As you moved through the dungeon you enountered giant spiders, large shambling creatures with long arms, distended stomachs and
their heads set directly into their shoulders and a huge spider that seemed to diappear/reappear at will. + cube


STUFF TO COVER:

Equipment - staff of the adder, masterwork knucks, potions of healing +3, arrows +1, bolts +1
	Who has what?
Spells - Patricia used 2? Toraggon used 2? Elsebeth used 2? 

Fighting as a team - remind of Jonathan's grappling + Patricia's hold person
Formations
Scouting
Planning

Asking me what there is in an area vs "Do I see any..."