To check:

HP, spells, items
Adjustment to death rules

Farmhouse - north of Jacobssen Ridge - dusk

Farmhouse with torches burning bright on the inside. In addition to charred and gnarled trees, the air as you descend into the basin the farmhouse rests in 
becomes thick and difficult to breathe. The occasional pools of water at the side of the path are murky and occasional bubbles blop their way lazily to the
surface. 

House is larger than it seemed from the top of the hill. Visible from the outside it is clearly two floors plus what must be an attic of sorts. Large
conservatory/greenhouse structure on one side with a high arched roof. The glass is dirty and smeared and it is impossible to see in - there are no torches
inside the greenhouse.

Interior - Nanny Ogg + three small girls - Hecate, Bellatrix and Marga.

Nanny Ogg = Green Hag

Is disguised when players arrive. She looks like a kindly old woman, white hair pulled back in a bun, short and plump, wearing an apron. Missing a few teeth. 
She is friendly towards the players when they arrive, invites them in, fusses over them and says they must be tired from the walk. "So many nasty things
about", she says. She doesn't reveal anything about the angkhegs. Offers party food in the form of a stew or pie. 

Story: she has lived there all her life. Took in the three little girls after their parents were tragically killed in separate accidents working on the farm.
"I used to have so many more farmhands when I was younger" she says wistfully. Particularly likes Angron, says he would have made a good farmhand.

Be sure to ask party what they are doing so far north. Eventually she gets tired and goes to bed, encourages party to take their own rooms. 

Girls (apart from Marga) are keen to play with party, if permitted. Shoulder rides from Angron, doing rubbings of Curtis' scales, asking Thia about her
dress, stroking Flask's feathers, asking Kratos about his horns/if he is a real dragon, asking Tethir why he is blue.
Over the course of the playfullness things increasingly escalate to the point where someone is hurt, which the girls find hilarious

Hecate - black hair, pigtails, pyromaniac. Wears a pretty blue and white dress. Carries flasks of oil and a tinderbox to set fires wherever she goes
Bellatrix - Dirty blonde hair, scruffy. unwashed face, constant smile. Enjoys hurting living things. 
Carries a short dagger and attacks with a multiattack[2], doing 1d6-2 (min 1) damage per attack. Can also disengage as a bonus action. 
Marga - long straight black hair, half covers her face. Green eyes. Wears black clothing.  the most psychically adept. Intense stare. 
Can cast Vicious Mockery, Dissonant Whispers Tasha's Hideous Laughter and Crown of Madness without any components. She does not speak. 5x level 1 spell slots,
then she attacks with nails for 1d4-1 (min 1) damage

HP - 10
AC - 18 (they're rapid and tiny)
Speed - 40ft
Size - small
Str - 5 (-2)
Dex - 16 (+3)
Con - 6 (-2)
Wis - 6 (-2)
Int - 14 (+2)
Cha - 18 (+4)

Dagger - multiattack[2] - 1d6-2 damage, +5 to hit
Firebomb - 1d8+2 damage, burst 1 from impact point, +5 to hit, dex saves, half damage on save. Target catches fire on a 6. 
Girls can change rooms at will due to secret passages. All girls have Prestigidation so can manipulate fire at will.
Claws - 1d4-1 damaage

House is completely innocuous until the party is woken in the middle of the night. Can hear scraping and shuffling from attic once awoken. 

House is clean, well kept generally (except for greenhouse). Lit torches appear frequently on the walls so no corner is unlit. Very little dirt or cobwebs -
appears well cared for. 

Ground floor: 

Hallway - cracked parquet floor, large grandfather clock stands in the corner. Instead of the time it has hands which point to which room each resident of the
house is in. If broken/destroyed the girls no longer know where party are and attack less frequently. Medium-sized light ring hangs from ceiling, which

Kitchen - large kitchen, used to making food for far more than just Nanny Ogg and the girls. Even the six party do not tax it. Off kitchen is the larder and 
coldroom, where meat is hanging to cure or keep fresh. (Note - the meat is of human origin)

Dining room - would have been opulent once, but now sits largely unused under dust sheets. Portraits (of previous owners) line the walls. None of them look
like Nanny Ogg... Portraits attack at night by swooping across the room and colliding with unsuspecting adventurers for 1d4-1 damage. Party must be looking
at portraits to detect their movement. 

Drawing room - a large fire burns in a grate, with portraits and a large mirror (cursed mirror) hanging on the wall. There are plenty of threadbare seats for
people to sit on, and half a bottle of Duskwater brandy in a decanter on the side. Players looking into the cursed mirror see visions of hell itself and must
pass a Wisdom DC15 save or be frightened for one minute, save ends. Except Tethir, who, if he looks into the mirror sees a swirling dark grey smoke. A vision 
of a dark shadow looming over a board resolves from the murk, which seems to show the city of Altdorf. The shadow has a vaguely humanoid form, and appears to 
be manipulating the inhabitants of Altdorf. The figure rolls dice, and moves pieces around the map. As quickly as the smoke formed this tableau, it shifts
back to formlessness. 

Games room - several tables are set out, marked for dragonchess, card games, dice etc. The walls are lined with books, and ornate suits of armour stand in the
corners clutching greatswords. Maybe a deck of many things...? Suits of armour are NOT animated armour, but are rigged to fall on players who are too close
(Dex DC10 save to dodge), 1d4 damage

Larder/coldroom - door is latched, but easy to open. Meat hangs from the ceiling, jars of potted stuff sit on the shelves. It's a larder. 
what do you want from me. 

Conservatory - runs the length of the house, entrances at either end. Full of overgrown, exotic plants. 

Blights, tendrils, poison spines, poison gas

Tendrils - restrain a character if they do not notice them, then bind them completely
Poison spines - no damage, but 2d4 poison damage on a failed DC13 CON check
Blights - twig, needle etc

First floor:

Landing - threadbare blue carpet. Six doors off it. 

Bedrooms x 5 w/ensuites - all have mirrors and washbasins, footlockers and large, if plain beds. Obviously left for farmhands. Hecate comes in and set fires
in all of the rooms to ensure you're warm. She lights the fires expertly, quicker than any of the party can, using liquid from a flask she stashes in her dress
2 to a room, plus one for Nanny and one for the kids.

Nanny's room and kids room locked. 

Master bathroom - is in fact trapped. If entered (after nightfall) the door slams shut, all of the torches blow out and the player is visited by horrible 
visions of their own demise and that of their loved ones. DC 15 WIS save per turn or be paralysed. 

Study - locked. Innocuous, but has a trap door in the roof leading to the attic. If players lower the trap door a magical alarm sounds.

Attic - full of corpses. Several live humanoids, humans, elves, maybe a dwarf. All of them are chained to the walls, via pitons driven through their torsos. Some
have thier eyes gouged out, some their tongues cut out. All are missing limbs or have their Achillies tendons cut so they cannot easily escape. They ask the
players to help them, shuffling towards them as best they can and grasping at the players. 

Basement - accessed via larder. 

Wine cellar, 2x side rooms, both locked. 

Large casks line the walls, with racks of bottles as well. The bottles hurl themselves at the players (1d4 damage, dex saves (DC13)). If ranged attacks miss here
the casks are punctured and leak wine all over the floor, could cause drowsiness/intoxication

One side room releases two shadows, who stalk the players through the house or ankheg lair below


Angkheg warren - Angkhegs, fungi, carrion crawlers, darkmantle
 
Pitch black in the lair, torches illuminate 30 feet brightly and 60ft dimly, pitch black after that

Angkheg - 450xp
Fungi - 10/50/100xp
Darkmantle - 100xp
Carrion crawler - 450xp
 