Scene: rioting at Jacobssen Ridge Outpost
Guards arrive, whilstles are blown, trying to pull apart fighters

Angron and Flask still passed out in fighting pit, Tethir is a bear standing over a terrified bookie, Kratos just standing there with his glaive
Curtis trying to look subtle with his didgeridoo
Thia leaving with Pelor Dawnsea

The riot is raging, seems the entire camp is involved, Lt Gorman and officers turn up, shouting for everyone to stand down. Fight is far beyond their
control at this point and continues on, seems old grudges are being settled and noone seems interested in listening to reason. 

Suddenly, a loud foghorn noise cuts through the melee, blaring out over the camp. All of the soldiers freeze mid-punch, kick or bite, wide-eyed. After a few
seconds a second blast echoes around the camp walls and the soldiers scramble into action, picking themselves and each other up and sprinting towards the
parade square, grabbing weapons as they go. NCOs and officers bellow at the men to move faster, and they stream towards the square. Party are told they must
come too, and are swept up in the bundle of humanity and shoved towards the square, where the men stand to attention. 

Looking around to see what is making the noise, you spot a dark shape approaching over the mountains to the southwest. Cutting through the air is what looks
like a galleon, suspended beneath a giant balloon. Thick tethers and rigging bind the two together, with ornate cladding covering the balloon and armour panelling
on the galleon. Towards the back of the ship, bound to the quarter galley are two large propellers, which are whirring and straining with the effort of propelling
the ship through the air. As the airship draws closer you can see that the sides are lined with grim-faced soldiers, wearing the black and red livery of 
the Weimar Empire, as well as unarmoured skysailors(?) who are swarming around the ship to prepare it for landing. The ship bellows a third time as it
approaches the parade square, the noise emanating from a huge pair of bellows attached to a brass cone to amplify the sound. Even the non-magic users amongst 
you can feel the air become thick with arcane power as the ship lowers itself onto the square, settling on a wide keel thicker than on a typical galleon. 

As the ship touches down, you finally see it in its full majesty - the galleon is easily 30 feet ground to deck, with the quarter-deck 10 feet higher again. What look
like huge grappling hooks hang from its sides, and some are loaded into what seem to be launchers of some kind. The armour on the hull is thick, built to 
withstand a considerable assault, and whilst the armour cladding the balloon is more ornate and lighter, it seems as if it would still withstand an crossbow bolt.
The balloon itself appears to be made from stiched-together hide, perhaps more than one layer, and seems sturdy. The galleon sports a figurehead, a 
bare-breasted male likeness thrusting with a spear. The emblem of the weimar empire appears everywhere on the ship, embossed into the armour, hung about the
decks and emblazoned on the chests of the soldiers, and a name "Thane of Takhisis" is carved into the masthead. 

As the ship comes to rest a gangplank is hurled over the side, causing the nearest soldiers to scatter. Great masts are shoved through holes on the side of the
ship to stabilise it on the flat of the hull, thudding into the dirt of the parade square on battered metal "feet". Before the ship has fully come to rest,
a tall, elegant figure strides down the gangplank, followed by a gigantic dog-shaped figure and a caravan of guards and bodyguards. 

Katarina Holic. The Queen of Pain. whispers a terrified soldier next to you. All the assembled soldiers kneel, heads bowed, as Holic approaches. 

Holic strides down the ramp, tall and elegant, dressed in a black cloak with a deep, recessed hood. Only the bottom half of her tanned face is visible. She wears expensive-looking
boots with a stiletto heel, which clack as she walks. When the cloak billows you see that the lining is crimson, and Holic wears black leather armour adorned
with silver filligree - not much good for stealth but a mark of power. She wears a crest of Weimar on her chest, and at her waist is a long rapier with an intricate silver hand guard. 

Following closely behind her is a massive brute, it looks like a dog but easily 5 feet high at its head. Also jet black, you can nevertheless see its powerful
muscles catch the light as it follows its master. If you look into its burning, fiery eyes your stomach drops through your boots - you feel as if they are a gateway directly
to hell. It stays close to Holic as if to protect her, not that she looks like she needs it. 

Tramping behind them are four gigantic... things, humanoid but fully clad in plate armour, carrying huge shields and spears, easily 10ft tall. Their armour is painted jet black
and their wear full-face helmets, with only glowing red eyes burning through. They take positions at four points of a square around Holic. 

Soldiers wearing the livery of the Weimar Empire march quickly down the ramp and fill the gaps between the royal bodyguards, forming a full square around the Grand Vizier.
There is plenty of space to see through them into the square itself. 

Gorman has taken a knee at the front of the crowd of assembled soldiers. Holic stalks up to him and asks, in a fluting voice tinged with menace "Where is the 
elf? bring him to me". Gorman nods to two gaolers at the side of the square... who, wide-eyed and desperate, shake their heads. One of them shoves the other
forward and, with a break in his voice he says "he's escaped ma'am". Holic's face contorts in fury, and she throws off her hood to reveal flowing silver-white
hair, and blue eyes with pupils as deep and dark as inkwells 

"How is this possible? The son of the High Elf steward Tassarion Dawnsea held here, in our camp, and you have let him go?! Seize them!" her eyes flash with rage, and the
gaolers shrink away from her in fear, only to be grabbed by one of the Royal Guards. As you look back at Gorman his shoulders are slumped, defeated. Holic paces slowly
back over to him, fixing him with a look of contempt and anger. "Is this true Lieutenant? Have you lost our most valuable prisoner?"

Gorman doesn't answer but stays with his eyes fixated on the ground. "You understand Lieutenant that there must be punishment?" She turns to the assembled masses "You all know we have our Rules. 
Our Rules are what will keep this Empire from falling to the non-human threats! We are beset on all sides by our enemies, and our Rules keep us strong! Lieutenant Gorman must be punished for his
failures. Some of you will think this harsh, or unwarranted... but the Rules are what make us better than the heathens, what sets us apart from the animals beyond our walls!" 

With a sudden thrust, her rapier is out of it's scabbard and sinks deep into Gorman's shoulder, into the nerve cluster there. Gorman screams in agony, but as quickly as entered his body the rapier
is removed. As you look at the wound it immediately festers, the skin around bubbling and blackening. Gorman collapses onto one hand, the other gripping the hole in his shoulder. Holic strikes again,
into the back of his knee this time, penetrating so quickly that the rapier barely seems to move. 

"Our Rules keep us strong! Our Rules keep us safe!" Two more jabs into weak points on Gorman's body. His veins have started to bulge and he appears to be struggling to breathe.
The entry points of the rapier are now completely rotten, and Gorman struggles to hold the skin together as his muscles convulse. Again and again Holic strikes with the rapier,
dancing around Gorman as she exacts her punishment. Finally, one powerful thrust through the back of the neck causes Gorman's body to spasm one more time, then as Holic withdraws
the weapon he slumps to the ground. As you watch, veins open up all over his body to ooze out what appears to be black sludge. His skin begins to slough from his bones like a snake
shedding it's hide and a faint sizzling sound can be heard. The stench of death is overwhelming, yet not a single solider moves from the lines. 

Holic sheaths her rapier, which moved so fast through Gorman it remains clean. You see the reactions of the house guard, who are smiling grimly at the spectacle, and the Royal Guard
who are completely implacable. The great hellhound stands behind Holic, slavering from its powerful jaws. Holic turns to address the crowd, most of whom cower away from her gaze.
"The Weimar Empire does not tolerate failure! I do not tolerate failure! The Rules of My Empire will be upheld! You will find me a replacement for the prisoner you have so carelessly lost.
I will return in a tenday when you will present your spoils to me, or suffer my wrath once more. This has been a demonstration of what happens to those who fail me."

She turns on her heel and goes to walk away, when you notice something tugging at the corner of her cloak and growling aggressively. Licky. Feeling the tug, Holic stamps down firmly with her stilleto'd
boot in Licky's direction. [reaction] you see however that he is not dead - Holic has caught his neck between the toe and heel of her boot, so Licky is merely pinned to the ground. The great hellbeast 
pads slowly forward, growling far more loudly than Licky did. Holic reaches down, plucks Licky from the ground by the scruff of his neck and tosses him to one of the house guards. "Bring this with us.
It will make a good snack for Tychus on our return to Altdorf."

As she walks away back towards the gangplank, she snaps her fingers. The royal guard behind her snaps one of the gaolers necks like a twig, and he slumps to the ground. She snaps a second time
and the hellhound Tychus streaks towards the other gaoler, who barely has time to scream before Tychus is upon him, tearing out his throat in a single massive bite. Tychus stands over the
gaoler, who, eyes wide and hands clutching at his neck, quickly expires in gouts of arterial blood. 

Holic mounts the ramp, and the guards in the square file off behind her, first the Royal Guard then the house guard as they embark onto the craft. None of the soldiers dare move. From high above
comes a cry of "cast off!", the masts are withdrawn, the properllers spin up and the galleon lifts off the ground, rising ponderously into the air before turning and heading back towards the
mountains to the southwest. 

Finally, the soliders come to life. Almost silently they drag the corpses from the parade ground, Gorman in several pieces in the direction of the fire pit. A young and bewildered looking
Second Lieutenant is being asked what to do by several sergeants, but only has the presence of mind to say "get the men ready for patrol". 
