Jenkins - private at Jacobssen Ridge - wanted to be Angron's squire - fed Angron's mercenary captain trophy head to the pigs - given SL by Tethir.
Has used SL - had vivid visions of the war to come and made suggestions as to the defences of the camp - promoted to L-Corporal. Was NOT addicted to SL.

Lt Gorman - ex-CO at Jacobssen Ridge - killed by Katarina Holic

2nd Lt Burke - in command at Jacobssen Ridge after Gorman's death

Sgt Frost - PC's don't know his name - charmed by Tethir to convince him to let Flask leave, knows he was charmed

Pelor Dawnsea, - son of elven steward Tassarion Dawnsea, was captured but released by Thia
male, elvish rogue, distinguishable by facial scar - dead, english voice

Drizzt Do'urden - legendary elvish ranger. Has knowledge of what happened to Thia's parents Himo Liadon and Briel Galanodel- attacked? murdered? exiled? 
by Dosker Vo'seren against the wishes of the Elvish Council because of Thia's father's relationship with her mother. Convinced party to go to Altdorf to
parlay with Emperor Weimar whilst he did the same with the elves. Party helped him kill Onrek the Terrible, a flind who was terrorising the countryside

Bolbag/Balbog - ettin who guards the bridge on behalf of the Weimar Empire. Likes the party because Flask made him a copy of a carved effigy made for 
him by his child

Nolival 'Noli' Duskwater - brewer of Duskwater's Firewine Brandy - very expensive - 150-250GP/bottle. He and two accomplices out foraging for botanicals
north of Jacobssen Ridge. Lives in Bled. Given two charges of SL by Tethir but probably not dense enough to take a dose himself.

Noli's companion - as yet unnamed. Overcame his curiosity to try SL

Bar patrons x3 unnamed. 1 addicted to SL - the one Tethir sat by the fire with. Managed to kick addiction without dying but permanent -1 to WIS. 

Bookkeeper - was set upon by a bear and essentially robbed by party when Katarina Holic arrived. 

MC - disappeared with everyone's entrance money to the fighting pits

Ira Campbell - Standing about four feet tall, the blue-skinned gnome wears a moth-eaten black duster, battered leather armour and sturdy boots, 
outlaw wear. On his head is a tattered bowler hat,
and over his left eye is some sort of contraption - it looks like a monocle but seems to have several extra discs, on burnished copper arms
which clack into place over the first monocle as the gnome looks around. He bites the stem of an unlit pipe in his mouth, and speaks around it.
Despite being small in stature he seems very menacing.

Patricia Maddick and Derek the Cleric -  As you get closer, you see that it is a human woman, around five and a half feet tall and slender, but clearly strong enough to wear full plate armour. She has a quarterstaff slung across her back,
secured by a piece of rope. She mutters to herself as she holds the 
pieces of the broken statue together, and as she releases them the pieces stay together, almost as good as new. A little way off, you 
can see a pitched tent, where what looks like an acolyte is breaking down a portable cauldron over a dwindling fire. A skinny man with
a long neck, he wears simple hessian robes.

George Mason - ex-leader (in name only) of Zweisel 

Ulf Darkwater - new "democratically elected" leader of the newly named Ulfsville. Was a sailor, burly man, habitually wears a black, stained bandana. Has
tattoos all up his forearms, one of them is of a naked lady. Protected the guardsmen from the baying mob in order to give them over to PCs. Their influence
had him elected as a popularity contest over George Mason, who was widely disliked and not respected. Spent his first night in charge drinking heavily, and
in the morning chose to send the two captured guardsmen back to Altdorf with a message that Ulfsville had seceded from the Empire and was now going to govern
itself. Took a BS ring, and agreed to send all official communications with it's seal thereafter. 

Took some Styggy with Tethir, but avoided addiction

The captured guardsmen - one "crabbed" (a favourite punishment of Ulf), both branded and sent back to Altdorf with George. 

Kenku - all released, sent to criminal contact in Port Viktor - tower then burned down. All communication stopped from Jacobssen Ridge outpost. 

Blazing Squad message - BS represents all - humans and non-humans, elves and dark elves and all those who want to live free. Help us by handing out our message.
The power of Sune will lead you from the darkness of Takhisis. 
