Ankheg x 3

Ettin x 1 - sitting by broken bridge - demands payment for the party passing. Employed by Weimar Empire (has a shiny badge to prove it). If (when) they refuse, becomes aggressive, says he has to collect the toll
or he will be beaten. Says he will beat the toll out of them instead. 

Jacobssen Ridge Outpost - manned by the Ostland 45th Overlanders, blue fighting uniforms and blue and white crests

Huge wooden stockade on a rise - trees slashed and burned for 500m all around, allowing good sightlines. Trees also used to build walls of stockade,
easily 30ft high, firestep all around the inside. Gatehouse shored up by stone bases, rushed, rough craftmanship. Must house an entire company of troops. 
Guard towers prevalent. Soldiers have been deployed for some time, grimy, strained. Mood in the camp is subdued, tense.

Soldiers dressed in blue uniforms, displaying crest of Weimar Empire. 

Tavern/Mess - run by QM Winthrop

Soldiers sitting around drinking - liar's dice w/ L/Corporal Barnes

Barnes: grimy, unshaven, bags under his eyes. Cap crumpled and low on his head.

Another soldier, Bishop, warns against playing w/ Barnes, on a losing streak all day and in a bad mood
If he loses a game, Barnes pulls a knife and squares up to whoever beats him

Also food, drinks - can chat to clientele if they so wish

Officer's mess - barred entry by guardsmen on the door

CO's office - Lieutenant Gorman - takes delivery of the supply caravan with his QM (Winthrop)
Deducts money for missing rations and potions
Side quest: if players kill Ettin he invites them to investigate the murder of one of his toll takers

Fighting pits - run by a sergeant - as a blood sport, no slaves. Tournaments every other day, unarmed and armed combat. In armed combat competitors
automatically yield at 25% hp. 

Use generator for names

Dirty tricks - trips, sand throwing, eye gouging

Drill square - various squads being put through fighting paces - constantly busy - marching, physical exercise. Gallows at one end of the square,
currently no nooses prepared

Archery butts - training ongoing. Can wager shooting competition if desired

Armourer - Corporal Hicks - can repair gear if necessary, also has a side quest. If party can get him three ankheg shell pieces he can use them
to make armour. Will buy shells for 150gp.

Stockade - two elven prisoners, being poorly treated by guards. PCs not allowed into stockade, could break in or bribe guards. Or dress as one of them.

Stables - with horses, naturally. Horses for reconnaisance and hauling freight, not warhorses. Not a cavalry division.

Barracks tents/courtesans - large rows of tents where the enlisted men sleep. Occasional dice games, arm wrestling, soldiers cooking small meals
over campfires. Generally just soldiers at rest.

Walls/guard towers - guards not interested in letting players up on the walls unless persuaded

Shrine - hastily thrown up shrine to Takhisis (The One God). Maybe forced worship? Acolyte of Takhisis zelously conducts sermons once per day and attempts
to turn weak-minded individuals to follow The One God.

"Random" encounters:
1 - 1d4 bullies square up to party and attempt to scare them out of camp (retreat if they take any damage)
2 - find a body
3 - scrap between two groups of soldiers
4 - drunk
5 - animals on the loose
6 - fire
7 - trapped doorway of tent - drop weight on character