Recaps - Curtis, Thia, Tethir and Agron are on the Breath of Sune with Waldor Enryn and his crew. You are all standing on the raised captain's deck, located at the back of the ship, which gives a good view out in front of the vessel and all around. Below you, under the main deck, you can hear the thrum of the twin engines and the clacking of the propellers. The wind whistles by, showing you that you're moving faster then the prevailing breeze. The air tastes oddly of tin, which, seeing you look confused Enryn explains is a byproduct of the magic used to power the engines. 

The Breath speeds towards the walls of Kislev, approaching from the North. From the air you can clearly see the vast crater that is the east side of the town, and the remains of houses, buildings and rubble that are tilted in a never-ending collapse into the depths. 

Kratos and Flask - left on the walls of the inner ring of Kislev. It's chaos here - the three companies of soldiers trooping into the town have panicked the civilian population, who are also trying to cram inside the walls. From somewhere below comes a shout of 'CLOSE THE GATES!', redoubling the panic as the population try and get to safety inside the walls. 

Beyond the scrum at the gates one of the companies is being directed to set up defensive positions - digging horse-trenches, erecting spikes, barricades on the road, etc. Another detachment has been sent into the nearby treeline to chop trees, presumably with the dual purpose of stopping the stealthy elven advance and gathering more wood for the defences.

Immediately below you, you hear the ongoing argument between the chopsy Lieutenant and the miserable young Corporal you so roundly ear-bashed to get up here. As you listen, the Lieutenant pauses

Percival Randall - Second Lieutenant in His Excellency Tristan Weimar's Fast Track Officer Program

"Wait wait wait... did he say he was from Arkhosia?! Was he a Dragonborn?? YOU IDIOT! Why would there be a Dragonborn officer in this purebred Weimar army?! He must be an imposter! Stand aside you fool!"

*calls up to Kratos* False officer of 'Arkhosia'! You will show yourself immediately! Surrender to me and you will not be harmed! 

Probably regardless of answer, the lieutenant grabs some men and orders them to force the trapdoor from below. He also gets some archers together to fire on the walls. 

Sends men to the next tower to climb up "Get around there! Move along the wall and flush him out! We need that tower!"

Ten guardsmen peel off and run along the wall to the next tower

During this battle, one guardsman is stunned and on the floor, bleeding heavily. He begs Kratos for mercy, holding one hand up in a futile attempt to block whatever blow is coming next. MESSAGE NATHAN - Shar says finish him

Enryn knows some stuff:

Kratos' dagger - thinks he knows the exact tribe it came from - but they are located a long way to the East. Can't remember the name. Next best people to ask are the master crafters in Altdorf.

Crater - magical assassination attempt, they say. I've been around mages long enough to have picked up a thing or two - from the people I've asked it seems that several spells went off together, causing a critical mass which set the air on fire. 

Kislev - travelled all over the Sword Coast, but less frequently across the seas to Altdorf 

Has been to Arkhosia - knows of the grand palaces there, still scarred from the war with Bael Turath. He flew over Bael Turath once, but his ship was set up on by flying harpies and he lost 3 men. Doesn't like to talk about it. 

Cannot believe the state of the world - how is it possible that relations have deteriorated this far? Suspects something else is going on - maybe even something bigger than Katarina Holic. Wonders if it has anything to do with the rise of the Dark Dragons - a shadowy cult dedicated to Takhisis that is gaining influence in the Empire.

Clacks - spine of the Weimar empire. Were fledgling chains when Tristan Weimar rose to power, but since Katarina Holic became his advisor significant investment has been sunk into them. Not sure if they are all manned by Kenku. 

World maps/charts - locked in the stowage locked under the deck. 

Sleeping arrangements - hammocks. Eating - rations. 

Asks if Angron is just a hireling - a mercenary. Doesn't speak to Flask directly (as he's just a slave) but asks Curtis(?) what he's doing with them. 
Asks what their problem is with Ira Campbell, or what his problem is with them. How do they plan to find him? 
Chaotic Good - will try not to hurt Weimar soldiers if he can - says they are just following orders
Asks Thia how she is feeling given the war between her compatriots and the humans



Ira Campbell fight

Stealth/not stealth? Will depend on how PCs are set up.

Either saunters in if they are not detected or carefully advance into the area. 

Ira Campbell - Standing about four feet tall, the blue-skinned gnome wears a moth-eaten black duster, battered leather armour and sturdy boots, 
outlaw wear. On his head is a tattered bowler hat,
and over his left eye is some sort of contraption - it looks like a monocle but seems to have several extra discs, on burnished copper arms
which clack into place over the first monocle as the gnome looks around. 

Dragonborn - two hulking examples of Dragon-men, easily over 6 feet tall, adorned with heavy weapons and heavier armour. One of them is wielding a heavy crossbow, with a shortsword at his waist and a great sword over his back, the other is empty handed but seems to have a variety of weaponry slung about his person. 

Elf - Archer stat block, but 42HP - tall and languid, and wearing a cloak that makes him difficult to see, he has a blackened rapier at his hip and a longbow in his hands.

The elf runs away after taking some damage - "no amount of coin is worth this, Campbell!"

Human -  Five Spire stat block, but 37HP 

a scruffy individual with a bandana and a nose-ring, he wears battered leather armour that looks like it has been scorched in places

Roll after each round - Elf is not particularly beholden to Campbell, so Campbell has to pass a DC 14 CHA check to keep him in the fight, IF the elf has taken damage
Same for the monk but DC 12

+1 to DC for every 10 dmg taken


Campbell:

Use Arcane Trickster Stat Block except:

HP 71

Actions:
Multiattack - Campbell may make two dagger attacks, but only one Hand Crossbow attack.
Dagger. Melee or Ranged Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 5 ft. or range 20/60 ft., one target. Hit: 5 (1d4 + 3) piercing damage.
Hand crossbows. Ranged Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, range 30/60ft, two targets. Hit: (1d6 + 3) piercing damage.
Deploy constructs: Campbell will do this as soon as possible after the fight starts, if able. He deploys 3 duodrones, which obey only his commands. If Campbell is incapacitated or killed, they defend themselves only, shutting themselves down once the fight is over.


Campbell reaches into his satchel and pulls out three largish cubes, around 6 inches of side. He casts them to the ground, and as he does so you hear a whirring and clanking coming from them. You watch aghast as legs start to emerge from the boxes, metal tubes extending from each other to form a complex lattice of five legs, three arms and what look like spears. The box itself compresses; additional plates slide out from within and form an inverted pyramid, the arms and legs sliding into place on the outside of the construction. You wonder how so much material could have been contained in those tiny cubes, and conclude that either these things are extremely spindly, or there is some arcane magic at work. Finally, on each face of the pyramid a disturbingly human eye flicks open, a piercing gaze searching for targets. 

Reactions:
Uncanny dodge - Campbell moves faster than you can see, taking half damage from your attack
Misty step (refresh 5+) - briefly surrounded by silvery mist, you teleport up to 30 feet to a location you can see. DOES NOT prevent damage. 


Dragonborn Fighters
One is a red dragon, the other copper. Fire/acid attacks accordingly 

Use stat block - but both Dragonborn are proficient grapplers and may use this to keep Tethir/Angron/Curtis out of the fight if they can

Dragonborn throws down his weapon and cracks his knuckles - I've always wanted to wrestle a bear
Insult to Kratos - hellspawn scum


Also HP 50, AC16, no third attack with shortsword, only one attack

Breath weapon - recharge 6+

Campbell shouts to Curtis during the fight

"You don't want to die like this boy"
"I'll put you in the ground with yer da"
As he gets more desperate, this rhetoric changes to:
"The Brotherhood will never let you get away with this"
"I can pay you, you don't have to do this"

If he loses both compatriots, Campbell will try to run, using invisibility if he can to get an edge over the PCs. Potential tracking or riding chase? Do the archer and monk appear to block?