XP - 180 for the encounter, 200 for releasing the Kenku
Kenku tell them a drow took over the outlaw band
Flanking
6-second combat

Party likely to rest

Sune - human woman, wearing a shimmering white gown. Cascades of red hair fall drape to the ground, and her eyes are a
piercing green. To look into them is to have your soul laid bare. 

Shar - harder to see due to being wreathed in darkness, but another human woman, wiht dark hair and black pools for eyes. 
In contrast to Sune, she is dressed in leather armour and you can see knives sheathed at her sides. Her tone is musical but
mocking. 

Dream/visit from Sune. Kratos is overawed but also cowed, the realisation that this is a reckoning for recent events.
Shar is also present, as ever, laughing and mocking Sune's words and actions

Sune addresses Kratos directly

"Kothor Drasarv, long have you heard my words in your mind. Today I tell you that you have always been in control of your own
destiny. Where you succeed, you succeed on your own merits. Where you fail, you fail because of your own decisions, not those
of a malevolent god. Neither I nor Shar have influenced your life until this point. The voices you hear have been constructions
of your own psyche.

*Sune considers Kratos* One such as you is not found every day in this world. But a disciple of Sune must be bold, brave, and 
unswerving in his devotion to eradicating injustice in this forsaken place. But your actions, or inactions, have caused suffering 
to innocents. A simple child murdered. Tens of wretched slaves burned alive. A devotee of mine works to end that injustice, 
not promote it.

Can you swear to me that you will fight the greater evil, wherever you may find it? [wait for response] To
protect the weak by any means necessary? To make whole those who suffer at the hands of your enemies?"

A good first step. But you must prove your devotion with actions, not words. All over this land my temples and shrines are
defaced by acolytes of the trickster Takhisis. You must restore any you may find to their former glory so that my followers
might rejoice in the beauty of all things once more. 

Will you do this thing for me?
"

If he refuses, Sune is downcast, defeated. Shar's laughter rises again, and deafens Kratos until it is all he can hear. Shar
taunts Sune:
"He is mine! Your pledge is mine, you pathetic fool!" she addresses Kratos directly "Draw your power from me, weakling. Erase
all traces of Sune from this land and you shall know might the likes of which you have never imagined! Crush the weak, take from them
that which is ours. Together we will destroy the pretender Takhisis! Use these creatures as you see fit [gestures at party] but do not 
rely upon them. Forge your own path"

The mists swirl and the visions retreat back into the darkness, Shar cackling as she taunts Sune. 

If Kratos renounces both he is wracked with sudden pain, his divine powers anulled. Forced to his knees, gasping for breath, he is held
in place whilst both gods consider him, for once not bickering. 

"Go then. You shall not miss that which you have never had." 

As the gods fade into nothingness Kratos feels a wrenching sensation, then... nothing. The voices in his head are silent. He is alone
again. 

Next morning Kratos wakes either invigorated with divine radiance, divine darkness, or exhausted (not rested) and lacking his powers. 

Clacks tower - 45ft high building, stone base with a wooden structure covering the top. Several windows and fire slits are dotted around the structure,
but the tower seems built for being sturdy rather than to withstand attack. The paddles rattle incessantly,
relaying messages along the network. A cart with a large wooden cage stands outside, empty. The horses are nowhere to be seen. 

In the ditch which runs alongside the road are a collection of what appear to be decomposing bird corpses. But they're far too large to be
just birds...

Two human guards lounge outside the barred wooden door, lazily talking to each other.
They watch the party as they approach.

If the party kill/talk their way past the guards/sneak up the tower they find three kenku, Rattle, Clack and Snap. You notice their hands
are blistered and the skin is torn from operating the levers that control the clacks shutters. Their feathers are dull and several 
tufts are missing. 
Only Flask can speak with them, mimicking sounds and words far too quickly for the others to keep up with. They reveal that the clacks 
company is run by a private militia, essential a brutal gang set up in Altdorf. They were snatched from the streets and forced to work 
as forgers, before being shipped to this place as the clacks lines were built. There used to be several other kenku, but as a result 
of their mistreatment a number of the others died. They are barely fed and watered, and the clacks run from dawn to dusk. 

The kenku say that there was recently a leadership change in the slave gang that took them - a drow elf appeared suddenly in the town
and forcibly took control of the criminal enterprise. They do not know anything more about him. 

Guards will not let PCs in, three more guards in tower who will fire from windows if attacked.

Road into Mojne - eerily quiet. A hut by the side of the road has a large hole knocked in the side. If party look in they see
the floor is covered in chunks of rock. There are no valuables, so it's possible the house was looted by bandits, although you see no 
trace of them either. Magda skips along happily, Bellatrix more sullen, but at least she is moving on her own and not needing to be 
carried.

As you approach the town of Mojne you are struck by the fact that nothing seems to be moving in the streets. It is a small market town,
not walled, with single story houses and streets with wicker roofs. At the centre is a larger, brick building with a clock tower. From a
distance it looks to be a sort of coach house or town hall. Or both. The town has been badly fortified, with a few barricades blocking streets,
but these are hastily thrown together and don't seem to be manned. The houses are not ruined, although you see a few holes in the walls
that look like they were made with a sizeable battering ram.

As Magda skips along the path she sees a cart run into a ditch at the side. She runs over to investigate further, only for the air to be split
by her scream. She has looked straight at a clearly badly-wounded creature crushed nearly to death by the cart. As you approach, you see that
the cart's driver is still in place on the driving step, but he appears to be frozen in place, his skin and clothes grey as stone. 

Madga freezes, she does not spasm nor shake but instead goes rigid. Before long, she too has turned to stone. Weighs approx 125lbs.

Bellatrix is upset again, runs to Thia for comfort. 

The basilisk is hurt so cannot project its full force onto an adult character. The first person to attack it will kill it, but will feel a
tightening of skin and a stiffness as the creature looks at it. 

Mojne - full of basilisks. Town hall/coachhouse at the centre. As party approaches they see that the town hall appears more fortified than
the rest of the town - the windows are boarded up and sharpened posts have been driven into the ground facing outwards. 

Mechanically - I roll d6 for each basilisk each turn. If 4+, I get to control them and move them up to their speed. If not, party can move them.
This number can be modified - ie for stealth or if distractions are provided the basilisks may move directly towards them. 
If party see the basilisk it can target them with it's gaze IF they are in front of it. 

Four adult basilisks roam the streets. Facing is important - they see 140 degrees in front on them, can use gaze at 30ft, see 60ft and
see movement at 90ft. They can hear up to 60ft accurately and will move towards things they hear. 

In each house they search the party will find 1d6 money or items of value. Also roll a d20 - on a 19 or 20 they find a trinket from the trinket
table.

The Coach House

From the outside - a spacious, two-story building made of red brick on the bottom story, and painted wooden slats on the top. A clock-tower
sits above them both, the ornate face gazing down on the market square. 
It looks as if someone has tried to fortify it - the windows are hastily boarded up,
half a sandbag wall has been laid against the outside of the building and there are six-foot stakes driven haphazardly into the sandbags.
This building would have been quite opulent at the height of Monjes power, but now the white paint on the boards is peeling and cracked,
and the windows dusty. 

Ground floor - despite being made of brick on the outside, the inside is largely wood panels. The interior is dusty, but looks to have been
recently disturbed. Sun streams through a large circular window at the front of the building, on the second floor, picking out swirling dust
motes as you enter. 
You can see several rooms set at the sides which appear to be ticket booths or offices, with half-glass doors leading 
into them. At the back, large double doors presumably lead outside. You can see a heavy chain wrapped around the handles, secured by a padlock.
There are wooden stairs to the left and right which lead up to the second floor, which features a mezzanine level with benches outside,
with a wall of wood and frosted glass blocking any further view into the back of the building.

Offices - 1d10 cash per register (4 registers that aren't smashed). Noticeboard on the back has a number of wanted posters, some old and yellowing, some more
recent. Some are crossed out, indicating that presumably the contracts are no longer active. In one corner is a poster for a half-orc you 
might recognise - Angron the Slave, wanted dead or alive for the slaying of his master. The poster seems several months old at least. 

Pencils, paper and other detritus little the floor. The place looks like it may have been looted, but not very well. 

The most recent poster seems to be for a gnome called Ira Campbell - wanted for grand larceny, racketeering, conterfieting and murder.  

Traps: rug in the centre of the room conceals a pressure plate. If triggered a bundle of rubble falls from the ceiling - DEX 15 to dodge,
perception 16 to notice the bricks suspended above the room. 2d8 damage

Either stairwell has a tripwire that rings a bell somewhere in the upstairs of the building - perception 18 to notice the tripwire as PC 
climbs stairs, or that stair itself is loose

Tills randomly trapped on a d6 of 4+ - gas that reduces vision to 30 feet. Trapped tills stick a bit as they open. 

Double doors at the back have a hair trigger that fires three crossbows set into the opposite wall at whoever opens it. 3d6 damage, no save.
perception 18 to notice the crossbows mounted at the back of the room.

Top floor - smoked glass into a larger room at the back. A sign on the door reads: "The Farland Shipping Company".

Open the door, room appears empty. It is set out like a typing pool - a number of desks, set in lines, with a larger, grander desk at the front.
Lined up against the walls are a number of stone statues, which you assume are people frozen by the basilisks.

A double window has not been boarded at the far end of the room, so some light is admitted through there. Walk in however, and the door is
slammed shut behind the party, and a number of shadowy figures emerge from behind desks or in side-rooms. A full-size dragonborn with red scales 
and a scruffy human male with a nose ring and a tatty bandana stand by the door.

At the other end of the room stands another dragonborn, but with dark blue scales, at the side of the overseer's desk. Lounging against the wall 
is a languid elf, his silver hair hanging over his face, his arms crossed. The figure in the middle appears to be seven feet tall, until 
you realise you are looking at a gnome standing on the desk. 

Standing about four feet tall, the blue-skinned gnome wears a moth-eaten black duster, battered leather armour and sturdy boots, 
outlaw wear. On his head is a tattered bowler hat,
and over his left eye is some sort of contraption - it looks like a monocle but seems to have several extra discs, on burnished copper arms
which clack into place over the first monocle as the gnome looks around. He bites the stem of an unlit pipe in his mouth, and speaks around it.
Despite being small in stature he seems very menacing.

Ira Campbell

Leader of the brotherhood, inventor, mechanics
If party hang around too long, they notice the lads start to fidget. Campbell reaches behind the desk and pulls out a box. He sets it down
and the box sprouts tiny little legs, raises itself to its feet and staggers to the centre of the room. Passive perception could let 
you know that the men are tense, ready to move. The box moves to the centre of the room and stands for a second, before you hear
a faint ticking coming from it. BOOM! The box explodes into a cloud of stinking gas

"So youse are the dull tinkers making all that racket? Setting off all my traps, pissing off the bastards outside? What is your business here?"

"Do you have any idea how long it takes to set up all of traps outside? I take pride in my work. All of it ruined by
some tinpot adventurers"

"Why should I not have my boys put you down right now?"

"I like it here. The clock in the tower has interesting gearing. I find the tick very soothing, and I could spend hours taking it apart.
But now we have to move on, because of youse and your blundering."

Campbell and the Brotherhood are there hunting for treasure - but he's not overly keen to tell them that. Their plan is to have a cleric, who is
on the way, cast greater restoration on any of the statues that look wealthy, and then charge them through the nose to restore their relatives. 

If Curtis speaks, the two dragonborn pay close attention to him. The one by Ira leans down to whisper in his ear, and now Ira is taking a special 
interest too. 

"Where are you from boy? Why are you travelling the Sword Coast? Ever been to Kalm Village? We had some business there once, went downhill very
quickly. You wouldn't be the ward of that rogue, would you now?"

Campbell suggests that Curtis come with him and "his boys" so they can have a "private chat".

If fighting: Campbell produces hand bows from his sleeves and uses those - the dragonborn use greataxes, the human a shortsword and the elf a bow.
However, after one turn of combat there is an almightly crash from below, a sound of splintering and breaking glass. 

"Damnation! They've found us! Come boys, we're leaving!" Campbell slams a smoke bomb into the floor, which gives off an acrid smoke making it 
difficult to see or attack. You hear the sound of breaking glass and realise that they're going out of the window.

Horses below - the Brotherhood swarm down ropes obviously placed for this purpose, and are on the four horses before you have a chance to react.
Campbell doubles up with the elf. 
The elf rears the horse, and Campbell tips his bowler hat to you, before the horses ride off into the distance. West/SW, in the direction of Zweisel.

