[PCs]

[Licky]

If warg, Licky is picking his way through a dark, brick-walled tunnel with a river of dark water running through it. He is happy to be free, and 
appears to be hunting for something. If they stay with him long enough, a deep roar penetrates the tunnel, causing little bits of masonry to fall from
the walls. Licky flattens himself against the floor of the tunnel, into the stream, and waits for the reverberations to pass. The roar is also heard
above ground, where it produces a mild tremor, enough to make you stagger a pace but that is about it. The townsfolk seem to take it in stride. 

[Captured guardsmen]

Being guarded by some burly looking men, who from their dodgy tattoos and scars you expect are sailors. If questioned, they tell you there's no hatred for
other races on the seas and they've had their lives saved countless times by elves on the water. The non-human-hating public are muttering discontentedly
but noone is openly challenging the sailors. There is some pushing and shoving in the crowd however, and due to the number of weapons you can see 
around this makes you slightly wary.

Can tell them that Altdorf is fortified by Holic's men. Two of the three main houses, Ordos and Atreides, have sworn allegience to House Weimar, but 
the final main house, Harkonnen, has so far refused. There were rumoured to be a series of murders and coercion to get Ordos and Atreides onside.

There are a lot of mutterings amongst the citizens who are unhappy with Weimar's rule. However, people are encouraged to inform on each other, even
children, and non-humans are now extremely rare within the city walls.

Holic never travels without her four Royal Guard, who protect only her, not even the emperor, who is being seen less and less in public. There is
suspicion that Holic is running everything and the Emperor is just a figurehead. 

Holic has bolstered the city garrison with her own troops, Easterners who do not speak common and essentially roam the streets making up punishments
as they go. 

[George Cooper]

At some point George arrives with a few ragtag guardsmen. One look at them tells you they're volunteers with no real respect - one of the "guardsmen"
seems to be about 14 years old, one has more neck than you've ever seen on one human above his pigeon chest and the other... you would guess is human
but in all honesty you're not sure. George is, as his name suggests, a barrelmaker by trade, a wiry, tanned man with a bobbing adams apple, grey hair
and a battered breastplate that looks like it has seen better days. 

George acts commandly, ordering people to disperse and that the remaining prisoners be turned over to him. The sailors jeer, leaving George in a bit
of a quandry. He sets eyes on the party and asks them what their business there is. 

[Enryn Heray]

Burly man, wears a battered leather jerkin with what was probably once a white shirt underneath. Swarthy features and a bald head, his face is lined
with dirt. He is a blacksmith. 

One of the non-human supporters in town. Asks party what they plan to do next. Offers to keep an eye out for the girls. His cousin, "think's he posh 
all of a sudden" runs a charter airship business in Kislev Docks, might be the quickest way to Altdorf from here. Unsure on price.

Looks at Kratos' knife. His eyes narrow and he asks where it came from. He points out that the blade is high-quality, folded steel, a professional weapon.
The blade is curved, hooked almost, in a saracen style - a tribe of Western desert dwellers. The handle and hilt are a burnished copper. He notes that 
it's an odd combination - the only blades he's seen of this type were when he was training in Altdorf, and they belonged to members of the Assassins
Guild, but they wouldn't have had handles this flashy, and probably not a curved blade either. 

[Pelor Dawnsea, Eraw Duskwood etc]

The elves are edgy, they want to leave. They perform combat burial rites for their brethren, which involves placing gold coins over their eyes,
shrouding the bodies and burning them with yew branches. You get a sense that the fire is magically enhanced, given the rain. The elves seem upset
but not shaken by the deaths of their comrades, and there is a businesslike air to their movements. As Thia knows, for one of the warrior caste
of elves, death is not seen as final, as the elf joins the Gods in their pantheon.

Pelor explains that he was weak after his ordeal, and ran into Eraw as the latter covertly tracked the party. They chose to reveal themselves on seeing 
the PCs captured. If pushed, they will reveal that Jacobssen Ridge outpost was attacked recently, which might explain the fires in the sky. 

After quickly burning their dead, the elves hug Thia, wish the others the best and take their leave.

[Town generally]

Clacks tower:
Two of the mercenary guards stand here, but they run on any threat from PCs. The kenku inside have names that roughly translate to Miaow, Bark and Neigh 
and they tell you they were taken from near a farmhouse. They received your coded message and passed it along, but they warn that they received a message
back from the central office in Altdorf (which is presumably monitored by some sort of human management structure) saying that no further transmissions of
this nature were to be sent, and especially none from "The Blazing Squad". Any operator found to be passing these messages along would face "immediate 
termination". 
The girls have disappeared, and may not even still be in town. Finding them could take a while, even with the help of criminal contacts and
the like. 