Level 2: 300 - 600 - 900 - 1200

When discussing how to tackle Winter Tor:

As they discuss, scuffle in undergrowh, Drizzt emerges holding two gnoll heads - tells them the garrison at Winter Tor is skeletal only and they are unlikely to check
who is down there

He is not willing to travel with him but will speak with them a while

Five foot 8, dark, almost purple skin, pointed features of an elf, white silvery hair tied into top-knot, deep scar across his face, carries two scimitars
and a longbow, backpack, well set for the wilderness. Shimmery quality to his movements, difficult to look at, takes a lot of concentration

Curious, confident, 450 years old so has seen a lot in his life. Remembers the last modron march, the old Human Empire and the 
battle of Khaz Kharak (orcs vs dwarves). Has never seen the drow (his people) leave the underdark or even Menzobarranzan

Hunting gnolls in this area, single-handedly destroyed stronghold. Warband led by flind - Onrek, fled into the mountains to the north, intends to track him

Recognises Thia - knew her father Himo Liadon and her mother Briel Galanodel. A tragedy what happened to them, and one of the reasons Drizzt left the Underdark.
Suggestion taht Himo was hunted down by Overseer Vosker Do'seren for the perceived crime of Liaising with his Inferiors (ie, her mother). Vosker left to undertake this task, and the next thing Drizzt saw was their 
home ruined and salted, with only Thia left alive, playing in her chambers at the back of the house.

Vosker did not have authority from the Council to do so and his actions were renounced by the council, forcing Vosker into hiding with his small group of loyal followers. Rumours follow him to the human city of Altdorf
where the trail goes cold.

Drizzt was also a Council Member, but was engaged on a hunt at the time of the council discussion concerning Himo and Briel. He returned to hear that Vosker had left with the intention of
'arresting' Himo and Briel, and rushed to warn them, but was too late. As he arrived their chambers were ruined and salted to prevent anything growing their again. 

Such was his rage at seeing this Drizzt slew the four elves who accompanied Vosker and engaged him in single combat, both wounding the other (scar across his face - a blade tipped with drider poison) and Vosker fleeing. 
Drizzt was pardoned for the killing of Vosker's accomplices but chose to leave the Underdark, disgusted that seemingly little was done to protect Himo and Briel. 

Feeling unable to care for a child himself Drizzt left Thia with a monestary of Aerdrie Faenya, elven deity. Took ring off mothers hand and gave it to her. She left when her powers manifested themselves. 

Reveals he left the drow centuries ago due to their causal uncaringness for the lives of anyone, even their fellow elves
Set out to travel the world - was once Hand of the Emperor of Karl Franz, specialising in human-elvish relations
Well known in Elvish court but has not been there in some time

Suggests that party are in a unique spot to bring peace to the region. They are non-humans and (for the most part) non-elves, they are almost the ideal emmisaries. Suggests
they visit the seat of human power Altdorf to seek audience with Emperor Weimar. Knows the Grand Vizier Katarina Holic and suspects she is having a malicious influence upon the throne

To aid Thia in her travels gives her his elven cloak - allows her to travel with the group but remain anonymous

If he travels with them can have encounter with Onrek and 6 gnoll hunters - he immediately closes with Onrek and they damage each other significantly before Onrek knocks him down and flees

Ankheg x 3

Ettin x 1 - sitting by broken bridge - demands payment for the party passing. Employed by Weimar Empire (has a shiny badge to prove it). If (when) they refuse, becomes aggressive, says he has to collect the toll
or he will be beaten. Says he will beat the toll out of them instead.  