Bulette fight in coach house

Recap Mojne, Campbell leapt on a horse and rode off in the direction of Zwiesel. 
Coach-house has a gaping hole in the wall where the Bulette has crashed through it, and as it roars the windows rattle and crack, dust
is shaken loose from the ceiling.

The bullette roars every two turns, causing tiles from the roof to collapse inward, the holes in the wall it has created to cause
localised collapses, blocking the exits. Any debris that lands on the floor is hatched, and treated as difficult terrain for the purposes
of movement. 

On turns %3=0, the bullete will burrow, leaving the building before crashing back in through a different wall. If it does this three times,
the building begins to collapse.

Bullete goes first: on first turn it bears down on Magda, who cowers away from it, her shoulderblades trying to dig through the wall
behind her to no avail. As the bulette opens its mouth to strike, Magda throws out a hand in desperation. You all feel the psionic wave -
the air in the coach house seems to compress into a block focussed on Magda, leaving you gasping for breath before exploding outwards 
again, shattering what is left of the windows. The bulette recoils, confused, angrily shaking its head and rutting the floor. It burrows
into the floor and disappears, leaving a pile of unearthed dirt behind. Magda, spent with the effort of the psionic wave, keels over to
one side, unconscious.

On its next turn the bullete bursts through another wall and will attack the nearest target (go for the tanks)

Bulette notes: IT CAN AND WILL JUMP. Aim for the tanks first to show off its damage potential. 

When the bulette starts to take out walls, be sure to describe the building creaking and collapsing.

Thereafter:
leave mojne. bulette provides no loot as such.

THINGS TO COVER 20118013

Sheets - check XP
Check items
Reminder of combat - hands up to speak OOC
Questions

Road to Zweisel. Two encounters

Mounted soldiers

Ten humans mounted on horseback cantering in the direction party have just come from. Party spot them a way off so can choose to hide
should they wish. Armour and weapons obvious even at distance. Soldiers will not spot them. Party seems to be 8 soldiers and two more 
engineer-looking types, who carry larger backpacks complete with oilskeins. The soldiers wear the red and black livery of Weimar, 
with the pip that seems to differentiate them from regular soldiers. They ride past without stopping. 

Patricia Maddick and acolyte
Shortly thereafter, you spy a desecrated shrine at the side of the road. Upon closer inspection, it is a shrine of Sune. Nearby is a
figure wearing full plate armour, who is methodically rebuilding the shrine. As you get closer, you see that it is a human woman, around
five and a half feet tall and slender, but clearly strong enough to wear full plate armour. She has a quarterstaff slung across her back,
secured by a piece of rope. She mutters to herself as she holds the 
pieces of the broken statue together, and as she releases them the pieces stay together, almost as good as new. A little way off, you 
can see a pitched tent, where what looks like an acolyte is breaking down a portable cauldron over a dwindling fire. A skinny man with
a long neck, he wears simple hessian robes.

Shrine is a simple stone structure, around 6 feet high, with a sloped roof and enclosed walls apart from the front. It looks as if a 
mirror was once suspended from the interior of the shrine, but it has been smashed, with pieces strewn about the inside of the box and on the
roadside. What was probably a statue of Sune lies in pieces strewn around the shrine.

Patricia hails the party if they do not speak to her first, and asks them about Mojne. If are reticent, she introduces herself and
her acolyte Derek (the Cleric), who would love to offer them to share their meal but doesn't think there would be enough, he's ever
so sorry. She was invited to Mojne by someone she discovered was an associate of Ira Campbell, who offered her significant payment to 
attend, but wouldn't tell her why, only 
to bring as much powdered diamond as her funds allowed. Not being an idiot, she knows that powdered diamond is the material component
in the Greater Restoration spell, so suspects either a runaway medusa or beholder. Also not being an idiot, she knows of Ira Campbell's
reputation, but is trying to fund an expedition to the Karakoram mountains where it is said Sune did battle with Shar during Shar's 
attempted rebellion. It is said that Sune's blood was spilled at the site, and Patricia wishes to search for evidence of such holy soil. 

She notices Tethir in particular and asks where he's from - she notes he's a long way south. Asks what he's doing perhaps.

If party ask her to restore Bellatrix she will do so for a fee of 1000gp - let them negotiate down to 500. Asks how long it has been
and seems concerned that the effects may be irreversible. 

The spell bathes Bellatrix in motes of holy light, which settle upon her body before sinking in. As the last mote of light sinks in,
Bellarix wakes with a start, looks around wild-eyed and immediately begins to cry. Patricia checks her over and proclaims that she will
be fine, but that she will want some food and water. 

As the party care for Bellatrix (or not) Patricia and Derek (the Cleric) break camp and head in the direction of Mojne, "to see if 
Campbell returns". Patricia expresses more than once her distaste for working with the gnome. She bids them well. 

If party are aggressive towards Patricia she initially tries to defuse the situation, stating that she does not want to fight. Derek
nervously pulls a sling from his robes and loads a bullet. If pressed, she unslings her quarterstaff and bangs it on the ground, causing
blades to extend from either end. She wields it confidently in both hands.

As a final attempt, she will appeal to Kratos as another devout of Sune, asking if this is really what he thinks Sune wants. 

Patricia
Level 9 cleric, light domain, AC20
Bladed quarterstaff +3 - +6 to hit, 1d10 + 4 dmg
Multiattack - 2x quarterstaff attacks
HP: 91
Str 17, Dex 11, Con 15, Int 10, Wis 18, Cha 12
Fireball, radiance of the dawn, flaming sphere, scorching ray, burning hands

Patricia will go first in combat and use radiance of the dawn to damage the party. Thereafter she will attempt to find herself space 
to cast fireball.

Derek
HP: 24
AC 12
All stats 10, except WIS 12
sling - 1d6 damage, +3 to hit

As Patricia and Derek fall Kratos is wracked with a physical pain that badly debilitates him, halving his movement for his next turn.
If Patricia is knocked unconscious in this way she can be compelled to cast the spell to bring Bellatrix back. But at what cost...

Road to Zweisel

As the party make their way along the road it continues to rain. Visibility is obscured and they become wet and miserable. The girls shiver
as they walk, Magda caring for Bellatrix, whispering to her to try and keep her spirits up. Bellatrix still looks shellshocked from
her ordeal, and you wonder how much she was aware of whilst she was petrified. 

(She felt all of her limbs becoming heavy, and then utter, total darkness. She could hear a slow drum in her head (her heartbeat) but
couldn't see, feel or hear anything going on around her)

As the party break for the evening, Bellatrix is now shivering almost constantly, her teeth quietly
chattering. Your clothes and cloaks are soaked through, and with no real shelter to speak of you suspect that a good rest will be out 
of the question. (Allow them to build a shelter etc if they are so inclined, but be difficult)

Potential rolls? DC10 for design, DC12 for execution of different parts? anything to keep the rain off is DC14 - be generous with the 
failures however

The rain doesn't stop all night. When morning comes the light is flat and grey, and the pounding of the rain against the now-sodden soil 
makes up the majority of what you can hear. The rain and low light limit the visibility, and a thin fog makes things even worse. 

You travel on towards Zweisel, hunkered down against the rain, which still manages to find its way down into any gap in your clothing. 
You don't see another soul all day, and even the birds seem to have given up. The rain shows no signs of abating. The road winds through
the wild grass of the countryside, which rises up, several feet high, on either side of you. The rain must have washed off some of his
stench, because Bellatrix asks Angron to carry her. She curls up in a ball in his arms. Madga soldiers on alone, a piece of oilskein
draped around her shoulders. 

BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH

Overhead you hear the roar of the airship you remember from Jacobssen Ridge. Eyes to the sky, you think you can just about make out
the bulky shape of the flying galleon above you, and the air thickens and feels almost greasy as the great magical engines that power
the ship pass close overhead. The ship is heading in the direction of Zweisel. What do you do etc

Zweisel 

The road climbs a hill here, and peering over the crest you can see it winds down to the centre of town. Perhaps an hour has passed 
since the airship passed overhead. It is a bit brighter now, and visibility has increased. As you look at it, you can see that Zweisel
is slightly larger than Mojne, but with the same brick and wooden buildings. You're approaching from the north, and this side of town
seems to be residential, with rows of dwelling-houses flanking the road. On the very edge of the town you see the great airship moored,
casting its shadow over the scene below it. (250m away). Crew of some sort are scuttling about the ship preparing it in some way. In front
of the ship there is a rough line of people, some of whom are queuing with carts, others carrying things slung over their shoulders. 

To your horror, you realise that all the people queuing are human, and the things they have with them seem to be non-human figures! A
lone figure sits at a desk - people approach, words are exchanged and the humans leave, only for the non-humans to be marched up the
gangplank onto the ship. This seems to be some sort of reward point for turning in non-humans.

[sneak closer?]

You notice as you get closer that a lot of the town's residents don't appear happy about what's going on. Blocks of serious-looking men
stand sullenly watching the scene outside a cordon set up by the Weimar soldiers. There appears to be an amount of discontent, and a few
minor scuffles with the guards. You spy the hooded figure of Katarina Holic herself standing behind the desk, arms folded, 
surveying the scene, flanked by two of her massive guards. As you watch, a male elf is roughly dragged out of a house close to the 
clearing, followed by his wailing wife, who is held back by Weimar guards. As he tries to resist, he is knocked to the ground and dragged
up the gangplank, seemingly unconscious. On the ship, you hear the frantic yapping of a young wolf. Licky! Flask's keen eyesight picks 
out a cage containing your pet. As you watch, a crew member bangs the cage with a stick, shouting at Licky to be quiet. Licky yelps and
is silent.

Person after person are turned in to Holic's guards. You see elves, a few furious dwarves, kenku, gnomes and even one badly-wounded orc. 

[discussion on what to do etc] - probably 50 guards, more crew (you can't see clearly), Holic, two of her massive guards. 

As party are deciding what to do they hear the cocking of several crossbows behind them, and turn to see ten of Holic's guardsman 
covering them, in three squads of six. The sergeant politely suggests they surrender. If they refuse, he gives the order to fire and
combat begins. 

Soliders try to take party alive. Second wave is ten more soliders and the Royal Guard. 

Royal Guard: AC 17, HP 125
STR 22, DEX 9, CON 20, INT 3, WIS 11, CHA 1
Damage resistance: slashing, bludgeoning, piercing from non-magical weapons
Damage immunity: poison, fire, psychic
Damage susceptibility: ice
Condition immunities: all except prone
halberd 2d12 + 6

Guardsmen: (using thug stats)

Captured, knocked out
Woken up by buckets of water being thrown over them. 5HP each. Held down on the floor, face down, eyes fixed to the front. Soldiers hold their
necks in place so their eyes are kept to the front. In front of you, you can see the girls, terrified, pinned down by two tough-looking
guardsmen. They seem to have just been woken themselves, and their eyes plead with you to help them
Angron and Tethir are held down by Royal Guard. Everyone else by multiple guards. Tethir can also see two crossbows levelled at his
forehead.
Katarina Holic, hood back to reveal her silver hair, strides up and down in front of them with hands clasped behind her back. 
"They're awake! Good. So wonderful to be so close to such fine examples of the scum we look to eradicate... I so rarely get the chance. 
[Kratos] you! I remember you from the outpost. So proud... so disgusting. [Angron] and you, so strong, so muscular. A traditional deviant. 
*Holic crouches down by the girls and looks at Bellatrix* Hmm. I like the eyes on this one! *Marga snaps "don't you touch her!" Ah. A
fighting spirit! Wonderful... *Marga spits in her face*... and still a savage. The consenquence of spending time with vermin like you. Licky yelps 
plaintively

Hmm I know... help me make a choice. In your opinion, which of these two varieties would be best to test my new concoction? This one? This? Or perhaps
this one? [Hold up Magda, Bellatrix and finally... Licky]
[she draws 
her rapier, and you notice the blade smouldering slightly, a mottled discolouration playing up and down the polished metal] 
You must choose... If you refuse, I shall have to test on both human and wolf instead... I should warn you, it is engineered for maximum pain whilst 
keeping the subject alive for as long as possible... we don't want to be here all day...

I'll make matters simple! All you need to do, is look to the test subject I should choose...

The girls struggle against their captors, to zero effect. Bellatrix's sobs increase, but Magda's fear has been replaced with an intense, furious hatred. 
As you glance towards her, her eyes are full of steely determination.

[one at a time, invite them to choose by looking at one hand or the other]

If Bella: "Angron, save me, please!"
If Magda: "Do your worst, you old bitch"

Holic smiles, "a fine choice yes, young flesh, fatty tissues intact..." she stands back up and draws back her rapier, giving you one final
smile before she makes her killing blow.

ARGH! the flash of an arrow overhead and a cut opens up down Holic's cheek, she flinches, stepping away from the girls. More arrows
tear through the air, embedding themselves in the softest parts of the guardsmen around you. The two holding the girls slump to the floor,
looking like cheap pincushions. The guardsmen holding you down release you, the Royals moving to protect Holic with their giant tower shields. 
You hear shouted orders as the guardsmen try to muster some sort of defence, but against an enemy they can't see this isn't easy. 

The townspeople scatter, fleeing for the safety of their homes. Marga finds [PC who voted for her's] gaze, and glares at you with hatred 
flashing in her eyes, before grabbing Bella and disappearing into the throng of people.

[Presumably PCs get up/bear etc]

You hear the screams of the guardsmen as arrows continue to hit, and someone gives the order to Fall Back! The Royals rush Holic up the
gangplank, even as it bows under their weight. The remainder of the guardsmen try for the gangplank too, occasionally turning around to
fire. As they reach it, a raiding party of elves bursts from the long grass and accosts them, attacking the fleeing humans.

"Run, Thia Nailo!" shouts one familiar voice. It is Pelor Dawnsea! He cuts down a guardsman and offers Thia a hand up. 

[Run?]

Now that the elves are out in the open you see there are really not that many of them, ten, twelve at most. They fight well, but there
are still a lot of guardsmen, and the ships crew are now firing crossbows off the side of the ship as well. Holic by this point is 
back in the depths of the ship, and the engines spin up once again as the ship begins to lift off. Crewmen frantically saw at the ropes
mooring the ship to the ground. 

Dawnsea: "RUN, you fools! We will hold them off!" You see that several of the elves have succumbed to the fighting already. The ship by this
point has made it into the air, and the remaining soldiers on the ground (maybe 5 or so) are in full retreat, running towards the trailing ropes
on the ship as it ponderously turns over the iron-grey sea. Not all of them make it however...

The guardsmen surrender, and are taken captive by the elves. The humans townsfolk however are not entirely sure of the elves intentions, and many
of them have grabbed weapons, makeshift or otherwise from their homes. There are only 6 elves left, and you recognise Eraw Duskwood and a few of
his party from the road to Mojne a few days ago. The elves form a rough circle around Dawnsea, who has taken an arrow to the chest and is struggling
to stand.