Things to discuss:
Questions?
Happy with travelling?

Party leave house as it fills with smoke. Angron is carrying the unconscious body of Bellatrix slung across his shoulders. Someone else is dragging Magda
with them, who is still in floods of tears

Bellatrix - Dirty blonde hair, scruffy. unwashed face, constant smile. Enjoys hurting living things. 
Carries a short dagger and attacks with a multiattack[2], doing 1d6-2 (min 1) damage per attack. Can also disengage as a bonus action. 

Magda - long straight black hair, half covers her face. Green eyes. Wears black clothing.  the most psychically adept. Intense stare. 
Can cast Vicious Mockery, Dissonant Whispers Tasha's Hideous Laughter and Crown of Madness without any components. She does not speak. 5x level 1 spell slots,
then she attacks with nails for 1d4-1 (min 1) damage

HP - 10
AC - 18 (they're rapid and tiny)
Speed - 40ft
Size - small
Str - 6 (-2)
Dex - 16 (+3)
Con - 6 (-2)
Wis - 6 (-2)
Int - 14 (+2)
Cha - 18 (+4)

Dagger - multiattack[2] - 1d6-2 damage, +5 to hit
Firebomb - 1d8+2 damage, burst 1 from impact point, +5 to hit, dex saves, half damage on save. Target catches fire on a 6. 
Girls can change rooms at will due to secret passages. All girls have Prestigidation so can manipulate fire at will.
Claws - 1d4-1 damaage

Backgrounds:

their parents (they're not related) were farmhands, lived on an outbuilding and worked in the fields. Several months ago (around the same time the war started, although the girls
don't know that) the farm was taken over by Nanny Ogg - before that it was a man, but they don't know much about him. Shortly afterwards their parents became
different, started fighting more, shouting at each other and the girls. More than once they tried to leave the farm, but were unable to do so - the maps didn't point
to the right places, paths that should have been there weren't, and no matter which direction they went in the only open route was back to the farm.

There were other farmhands too, but they were all able to leave, or so Nanny Ogg told them. They redoubled their efforts to leave, but the trees and bushes
came alive and wouldn't let them. Soon, Nanny Ogg came to their outbuilding and told them their parents had gone back to town and were coming back soon. From
then on they lived in the house with Nanny Ogg and she has brought them up from there, encouraging them to go outside and bring her live, but injured animals
which they would then "play with" (read: torture to death) and pull wings/legs off them etc

Eventually, Bellatrix will ask what happened to Hecate. At this point, Magda will actually speak and say that PCs killed her, and become very agitated again,
and try to walk off. 

Shadows - party are pursued by two shadows. They will attempt to reclaim the girls at the first rest the party takes, once again waking them. Party will then
have to decide how to deal with the rapidly declining girls. Possible Magda will panic and compel a party member to assist her in her escape if she is prevented
from leaving

Tethir - looking at the burning house, Tethir sees the outlines of a vision. He sees a sprawling coastal city, packed with people. High walls keep them enclosed, 
but the dwelling places are packed in tight.
Several large structures, a cathedral here, a barracks there, several tall towers and long buildings you do not recognise. A tall keep on a hill stands at 
one end of it. 

The fear of the population comes off the city in waves, rippling with the flames of the burning building. An airship lands in the grounds of the keep
and the vision changes to one inside what appears to be a throne room, and a stalking black figure striding towards the throne, upon which is seated a figure 
you can't make out. The vision swirls and the dark figure is now sitting on the throne, as a small figure kneels before it. The throned figure points dramatically,
and the small figure is dragged away. The vision swirls again and Tethir is taken back to the tableau of the city. A large figure, the size of the city itself
swoops overhead. The face resolves slightly and you can see that it is female, the features contorted in glee as the apparition flicks its hands like a puppet
master, presumably toying with the citizens below. With a crack and a tear, the main beam of the house collapses into the flames, sending sparks flying into
the night sky, and the vision is gone. 

Kratos - as he sleeps he is wracked with guilt over his misguided killing of Hecate. He has started down a dark path, and Shar's hideous laughter haunts him
in his dreams.Despite trying to lead his life in accordance with the teachings of Sune, Shar continues to find a way to torment him. 
Mechanically he now obeys Shar on a 2+ as her influence begins to take hold. Kratos will need to find a way to atone for what he has done and restore himself
in Sune's eyes

6x dice
Leaving house: - danger 2

D8 + d4 encounters

2 - owlbear cave
3 - muddy path full of 8x mephits
4 - 2x peryton fly overhead
5 - mass grave
6 - black bears
7 - shimmering pool
8 - clearing with mushrooms
9 - stagnant pool with insect swarms
10 - gnoll stragglers 
11 - human patrol
12 - elvish patrol

9 and 11 - 2 encounters per 1st day travel

Villages: - burned down by elves?
If in mountains - full of statues + basilisks

Number of wild horses in fields: force this encounter



Travelling - 6x dice, travelling risk
